== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

Overall Manager:
Implementation Manager:
Testing Manager:
Documentation Manager: Kamari Wright

Who did what?
-------------
Kamari Wright -- Added CSS and UI to the application. I added and shifted around HTML and Ruby to be able to better fit the UI. I also
worked on fixing some of the Javascript issues.

How this Code Works?
-------------------
-- The application is hosted in the app folder, where its divided into assets, controllers, helpers, mailers, models, and views.
In this application, we focused on using the assets folder to host the CSS that we needed in the application, and the controllers
folder to connect to the database which is held in the `db` folder. The views folder holds the HTML files that the user interacts
with and is able to see the data on the houses that they are interested in. The config folder holds all of the configurations
of the various gems that we used in the application. The app starts with main/index, and works through the cycle of views and
controllers that the user can interact with. 
